what's up guys today in this video I'm
going to be comparing Samsung's Galaxy
s5 versus Apple's iPhone 5s as we know
Galaxy s5 has been a big competitor of
Apple's iPhone from day one we got the
two leading contenders as of right now
the galaxy s5 versus the iPhone 5s now
I'm going to be doing a few tests here
CPU performance tests and also other a
test in terms of screen performance and
and things like that so let's go ahead
and begin I got the Geekbench
application on both devices which would
measure CPU performance that way you can
determine which device will perform
faster at different tasks so I'm going
to go ahead and here and go into the
multitasker to make sure nothing is
running in the background so it doesn't
affect on the tests and here on the
iPhone I'm going to double tap on the
home button to confirm that there's no
other pages open as well so I'm going to
launch both applications at the same
time and just by opening applications I
can just say the iPhone kind of did that
a little bit quicker I might have tapped
it first on the iPhone but let's go
ahead and run the test itself I'm gonna
go ahead and tap on both at the same
time same application Geekbench 3 no
apps running let's start it looks like
the iPhone finished the test first with
14 18 on a single core in 25 63 on
multiple core as you can see there are
more than results and I'll have a link
to this application in the description
if you want to run these tests yourself
as you can see there are some other
results there from the memory the RAM
and all that good stuff but it looks
like the iPhone finished the process
first and then there comes Samsung in
with the galaxy s5 coming at 963 as you
can see on a single core the iPhone
really outperformed it but in a multiple
core the iPhone just a little bit shy
there from the galaxy s5 coming in at 28
73 and the iPhone coming in at 25 63 and
again I'll have the application link
down below so you guys can go ahead and
run these tests but it looks like both
devices do perform good if you guys get
different results please feel free to
leave them down below now let's jump
over to do some more testing oh yeah so
for this next test I pre-loaded my blog
on both browsers to check out the
performance scrolling on both devices as
you can see here the Galaxy s5 has no
problems no glitches
no hiccups just gross very very smoothly
and very rapidly here on the iPhone 5s
we also have a nice smooth scrolling
even though it does seem some a bit
slower I think that's just the way how
iOS is built not necessarily means that
the iPhone is doing it slower but it's
how the operating system is built so in
terms of scrolling both devices did it
very smoothly no problem now let's do a
little bit of a zoomin in and out motion
that once you do for pictures and things
like that to see if there's any hiccups
or glitches within the operating system
and it looks like both devices can do
that pretty easily without being
interrupted they're really simple and I
also wanted to point out the text of
course looks larger on the galaxy s5
because of the bigger screen here on the
iPhone the text looks a little bit
crisper I would say but brighter on the
galaxy I mean you guys can be the judge
of that also leave a comment down below
but what'd you think of the sharpness of
the display itself but in terms of
scrolling pinching zooming in and out
looks like both of Isis performed rather
well alright so this was just a really
quick video to see the internal
performance of the galaxy also the
screen performance and also scrolling
zoom in and out and things like that
just very our preliminary testing here
but it looks like both devices perform
rather well knowing that the galaxy s5
is the brand-new device the iPhone 5s
doesn't fall too far behind so a good
job by Apple but also a good job done
here by Samsung I hope you guys enjoyed
this video please thumbs up if you
enjoyed watching this video much more
videos coming comparing both of these
flagship devices make sure you stay
tuned to the channel make sure you
subscribe and don't forget to follow me
on Facebook Twitter and Google+ all the
links will be down below I will catch
you guys on the next one peace